Added some code guidelines (#562)
boostercloud/booster: CONTRIBUTING.md

The Booster project comes with a nice set of ESLint config files to help you follow a consistent style, and we really encourage to use it in your editor. You can also run the `lerna run lint:fix` commands to try solving any linter problems automatically.

For everything else, the rule of thumb is: Try to be consistent with the code around yours, and if you're not sure, ask :-)

There are some things that the linter doesn't force but are prefered this way:

### Importing other files and libraries

Use `import` instead of `require` and import the objects individually when possible:

```typescript
import { Object, function } from 'some-package'
```

### Functional style

We give priority to a functional style of programming, but always taking into account how the objects are used to make sure they form a nice DSL. Classes are allowed when there's an actual state to hold, and we usually avoid default exports:

```typescript
// module-a.ts, a conventional functional module
export functionA() {
  ...
}

export const someConstantA = 42
```

```typescript
// module-b.ts, grouping functions with a scope
export const ModuleB {
  functionB1: () => {...},
  functionB2: () => {...},

> }

Reviewer: I believe this doesnt work

Author: Alright!

```suggestion
export const ModuleB = {
  functionB1: () => {...},
  functionB2: () => {...},
}
```

```

```typescript
// object-c.ts, a class
export class ObjectC {
  constructor(readonly value: number) {}
}
```

```typescript
import { functionA, someConstantA } from 'module-a'
import { ModuleB } from 'module-b'
import { ObjectC } from 'object-c'

functionA()
ModuleB.functionB1()
const obj = new ObjectC(someConstantA)
```

### Use `const` and `let`

> Use `const` and immutable object when possible, otherwise, use `let`.

Reviewer: I'd phrase this as
```suggestion
Default to `const` and immutable objects when possible, otherwise, use `let`.
```
